c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\bin\Debug\JobTracker.exe.config
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\bin\Debug\JobTracker.exe
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\bin\Debug\JobTracker.pdb
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\obj\Debug\JobTracker.JobDetailsForm.resources
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\obj\Debug\JobTracker.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\obj\Debug\JobTracker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\obj\Debug\JobTracker.exe
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\obj\Debug\JobTracker.pdb
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\obj\Debug\JobTracker.JobTrackerMain.resources
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\bin\Debug\JobTracker.exe.manifest
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\bin\Debug\JobTracker.application
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\obj\Debug\JobTracker.exe.manifest
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\obj\Debug\JobTracker.application
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\obj\Debug\JobTracker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JobTracker\JobTracker\obj\Debug\JobTracker.ImportForm.resources
